---
title: "What's Going On? #3"
author: andante
date: 2024-04-17 11:00:00 +1000
categories: [ "News", "What's Going On?" ]
image:
  path: /img/friends-teaser-thumb.png
---

How much stuff? Lots of stuff. Let's see what's changed since last month and keep that hype going!

```diff
There have been 125 commits to the Brawls repository since the last post.
With our current total of 850, that makes this last month 14.7% of Brawls history.

* 193 changed files
+ 4,608 lines of code
- 2,398 lines of code
```

https://github.com/mcbrawls/brawls/compare/fd078f0c00e38aab835a8e708f35922e42816cb0...HEAD

## 🚀 Rocket Spleef

CONSIDER MOVING THIS TO A DIFFERENT ARTICLE?

Rocket Spleef is almost complete! We're just polishing off the last few bits. Here's an overview of the game so far:

- New Sounds!
- New Visuals!
- More particles!

### Experience

Explain points

### Spectator Interface

We have a new spectator interface for spectators/eliminated players. This will seem familiar and it's a really simple feature.

<* image *>

Big rocket spleef progress, report info
EXPERIENCE
LEVELLING
STATISTICS
MUTATORS

Test event happened, more will, join testing discord (link)! Not much happens there apart from when it DOES

## ℹ HUDs & GUIs

### Navigator, Kiosks & Queuing

We've finally implemented queue kiosks, alongside a new HUD for queue display.  
Take a look!

<video width="100%" preload="auto" muted controls>
    <source src="/assets/vid/navigator-queue-kiosk.mp4" type="video/mp4"/>
</video>

Event animation hud, rocket spleef, queuing etc

## 🛡 Reporting GUI

The next update will move player reporting in-game. You will now be able to make a report with `/report <player> <reason>`.
This brings up a lovely GUI which allows you to preview the report (in the same way that moderators will view it) before it is sent.

-- image --

## 📚 Libraries (for Developers)

Over the course of this update, we've migrated a load of code to separated libraries and made them open source.
For any developers, here's a list of them:

- [Blueprint](https://github.com/mcbrawls/blueprint): manages saving/loading structures (world maps, etc)
- [Pack Manager](https://github.com/mcbrawls/packmanager): manages resource packs within the server/world scopes (per world resource packs)
- [Bubble](https://github.com/mcbrawls/bubble): runtime worlds (existed before this update, it's just nice to mention)
- [Audience](https://github.com/mcbrawls/audience): allows you to perform functions on various player containers, such as worlds
- [Scheduler](https://github.com/mcbrawls/scheduler): provides useful scheduling classes, works with Minecraft ticks

-- doctor who andante video --
