---
title: "0.8.0 - Patch Notes"
excerpt: Release details for 0.8.0.
author: andante
date: 2024-12-01 12:00:00 +0000
categories: [ "News", "Patch Notes" ]
hidden: true
---

[Release Article](/posts/christmas-2024)

## Rise: Capture

> Capture and collect the center monument. Powder is falling from the sky and the floor will kill you! Use your Teleshovel to collect Powder and use Powder to traverse the floor. First team to 3 collections wins!

[Full article for Rise: Capture.](/rise-capture)

## Spleef

> Destroy blocks below other players and make them fall into the void! Stay on the platform and survive until the end to win.

[Full article for Spleef.](/spleef)

## Medals

- Medals can be earned by completing various challenges across the server!
- Added 30 unique medals
    - Feats (2)
    - Dodgebolt (10)
    - Rise (5)
    - Rise: Capture (6)
    - Rocket Spleef (4)
    - Spleef (3)
- More will exist in the future and may be added randomly.

## Christmas 2024 Titles

- Added 7 Christmas titles
    - Frosty
    - Gnome
    - Grinch
    - Rudolph
    - Santa
    - Snowman
    - Elf

## Changes

- Added `/navigator` to open the navigator anywhere
- Added `/gameevents` to view game events which have been created and are waiting through the introduction
- Added safety to prevent players from falling below the Dodgebolt arena
- Updated various sprites

## Fixes

- Fixed offline status not being displayed in profiles if the player had never joined
- Fixed old player list information being sent after new info has been sent already
- Fixed the friend request accepted message not being sent to the initiator when accepting a request from inside a screen
- Made various changes to game inactivity checks to fix inactivity activating when it's not supposed to
- Fixed the game rejoin message on join not displaying
- Fixed `/lobby`

## Internal Changes

- Moved libraries from [SGUI](https://github.com/patbox/sgui) to [Slate](https://github.com/mcbrawls/slate).
